great excitement here earlier tonight as
Kevin Mitchell local boy from Dagenham
not far away 19 years of age but after a
glittering amateur career the 2003
English ABA featherweight champion is
starting to create massive excitement no
understatement in his first year as a
professional six straight wins before
tonight five of them by stoppage and
four of them inside one round maybe it's
your first chance to see him he's in
action here against LeMond e
Kabylia france the most talked about
young talent in British boxing here
Kevin Mitchell the featherweight from
Dagenham who's won six out of six so far
for in the first round and basically
he's looked electric and looked the part
against low-grade
opposition in here with Sleeman Kabylie
from Roubaix in france who is on the
third fight back after a five and a half
year absence from the ring
lost on a draw on that comeback so far
he's in the black trunks Cavalli
Mitchell
already a navy a champion and his
amateur days and only 19 years of age
and the blue
the looks are start of the future in the
Metro a national power natural
it seems to come just this suit easy for
cameras in the bottle you forget these
defense
slow motion yes Amanda tray from referee
Lake Oh is he going to do this in one
again Kevin Mitchell he might good shot
to the body he moves like a good fighter
looks a bit too much this
he's gonna say where he's at coming from
hooks right hand left
this is fit
ninety-seven fights the Frenchman was
never
a young sensation in the business at the
moment
in there
jobs as long-term
the opposition who can keep the Latinos
smell of the future as a beautiful sea
one punch just takes all the fate of the
villain ain't never gonna cut them from
that seeing that little wiggle before a
touch of the old hammer there wasn't man
yeah Belize he's good I think is the
same confidence the Harmon hardly he
knows we can do in our one person they
say especially at this level
he weighs in at lanes 27 healer just
wonder what what weight is actually
going to compete and he sees a feather
we really see seven poles been shared
the other you see the natural flow of
natural power excellent the blow that
was very very quick switching from the
body up to the head but just every
punish doesn't have to see it himself a
lot the reckless he about thinking I
realized the job has already been done
just they put in the photo trying to get
one the floor before the head but he's
dead they'll think was a little bit of a
race they'll see it seen him he could
finish it before therefore he that but
they could be like nothing to offer here
front Warren thinks he's the most
exciting London talent to emerge since
Nigel Benn might be right
definitely it's like really been working
on slowing our shot span making the
molecular for slowed him down
in the last was a bit more try and look
him a bit too much and I was going let
him die a bit Wow
try a little bit shorten and as land
perfect for London the left hook that
did the damage you think it would knock
her Perl either hands I look at power
leave as definite ways I've done since
I've been 11 year old kid it's down well
for me I'm our land is where we're now
oh cool a few shots at you like oh cool
we blow but actually quite we've learned
was slamming so stand in the ring when
you split do you need stiffer a test
though do you need more rows to continue
learning Frankton join the offering were
stepping off the MINIX for our feeble
obstacle and after that and deploy
hybrid
prior to the old sporting adage if
they're good enough the rolled in our
person before you move them up before a
guide so that I don't never been stops
he's still a young lad and we're moving
as we're doing he's gonna be a star I
believe he's gonna be a star very long
deep space dedicated and doesn't you
know trains well when we're ready to
move in we're moving well done tonight
guys but you can see the temptation to
start pressing ahead with him can't you
are they right you know he is 19 years
of age should they be in any hurry
Derrick they don't need to be in a hurry
but he's such an exciting fighter and
he's enemies it's in him I mean I
mentioned his name on honor in sideshows
from some time ago when he turned pro
and I definitely like this kidnapping
his loyal great future we do always
listen to what about this from the point
of view of getting ahead with him I
think in the way fights is like a
buzzard stalk and his prey craves the
knockout and the best thing for him to
do is put him in with a Ponce like his
confidence get built up and as time goes
on he's got confidence in his power
punch it got confidence in his mouth so
you don't feed him feeding the upon us
and let me get up there interesting to
watch and defense loving you really
think he's that good potential I think
you definitely is how many without we
even see for us often I use the auto
punches he froze combinations he won
seeds but hunger but even though even
Kevin himself said he got hit with a
couple of shots I weren't happy he
wasn't happy with because he craved a
knockout up much his chambers in the end
he's getting caught with some shots in
the pond it didn't even look at when he
was slowing but you can tell all the
weight sexy speed and these flings I was
left toxin all right handling there's
power in both hands and he's very very
opposed to fight he enjoys fighting I
think he relishes the chance of the
guy's a second we love though so I think
he was making the kind of fighter he is
Johnny will it become a problem that the
boy himself Mitchell at the age of 19 is
going to start pressing his management
and promoter
please start pushing me ahead not that
you know he's gonna be his own worst
enemy because it's gonna get to the
point where people just want one of five
unless it's for a title underline and it
makes it hard for himself but you know
what if you're a punch it you can fight
that's the crush you gotta bear
bantamweight earlier here tonight Marty
Paris slightly more advanced in years 24
years of age the st. Pancras based
Bantam two time a be a finalist but lost
a Steven foster on both occasions before
turning professional done little wrong
though it must be said 30